1. LAWS
Every employee is expected to be familiar with and obey all public laws, company or departmental rules, instructions, specifications, etc., covering or relating to their conduct as an agent of the company, or the work on which they are engaged. Lack of such knowledge will not serve to excuse any failure to observe them.

2. LOYALTY
A steadfast loyalty to the company's interest is demanded from every employee, in order that the company may faithfully perform the duties with which it is charged.

3. HONESTY
The company expects and requires absolute honesty from every employee in all dealings with the public, the company, and fellow employees.

4. EFFORT
The company expects from each employee a maximum of efficient effort on every undertaking assigned to them.

5. SERVICE
Every employee must guard against unnecessary interruption or interference with the service.

6. ORDER
No employee may order, purchase, rent, or in any manner acquire in the name of the company, or commit it to acquire, property, goods, or services of any nature except as regularly or specifically authorized.

7. PROPERTY
No employee may loan, give, sell, destroy, or otherwise dispose of the company's property, equipment, supplies, or services except as regularly or specifically authorized, and must disburse, use, and account for such property, etc., in exact accordance with his or her instructions.

8. RESPECT
Employees, as such, must at all times respect the personal property, rights, and privileges of other persons, and avoid any act, statement, or neglect which may give offense or involve the company in controversies or litigation of any kind.

9. FUNDS
Employees to whom are entrusted funds of the company will be held personally responsible to safeguard and disburse them in exact accordance with the instructions on this subject.

10. PREVENT INJURY
To prevent injury to persons or property, the company requires each employee to exercise every practicable precaution in performing his work, to report any condition or any practice, negligence, or incompetence of others which endangers himself, the public, or other workmen, and to aid and assist any employee or non-employee who may become injured during the course of our work.

11. DRUGS
The use of intoxicating beverages or drugs, engaging in games of chance, placing bets, bookmaking, or other unlawful acts are not permitted on the company's premises at any time or elsewhere while on company business.

12. BUILDING
Additions to, removals from, or changes in any respect of the specified or original design of building, equipment, or other plant, is not permitted except as duly authorized and instructed.

13. ENGAGE BUSINESS
Employees shall not engage in business or act as employee or agent of any person or concern to the detriment, directly or indirectly, of the company's interest.

14. PR
Making unauthorized statements in the public or press regarding company affairs is not permitted.

15. RECOMMENDATION EQUIPMENT
As an agent of the company, employees shall not give recommendation or testimonial for any equipment, material, or process except to the company.

16. EXHIBIT RECORDS
No employee shall exhibit company records, plans, or correspondence, or convey the information contained therein to any person unless specifically authorized to do so.

17. TESTIMONY
Employees shall not volunteer expert testimony without proper approval.

18. TIMESHEETS
No employee shall make, certify, or approve any record, statement, or report known by him to be false.

19. COMPANY MATERIALS
No employee shall use the company's materials, vehicles, equipment, or other property for personal purposes without permission.

20. PROPERTY SUBSCRIBER
No employee shall use the property of a subscriber or other person or concern for company or personal purposes without permission.

21. ABSENT
Employees must notify their respective supervisors at any time when it is necessary for them to be absent or tardy.

22. SOLICIT
No employee shall solicit subscriptions among employees during working hours without permission.

23. EXPLOSIVES
Unnecessarily bringing or permitting explosives or combustibles in or near to the company's buildings or premises is not permitted.

24. SMOKING
Smoking is not allowed in any company owned or leased property at any time.

25. COMPANY NAME
No employee shall use the company's name or account to purchase goods for personal use.

26. PERMISSION TO PURCHASE
Employees shall not, without permission, purchase directly any supplies or equipment which should be obtained on requisition.

27. NON-STANDARD EQUIPMENT
No employee shall accept from agents or others non-standard equipment, tools, or materials for trial or demonstration.

28. LOAN BADGES
Employees are not permitted to loan badges, books, tools, or property of the company.

29. ASSIGN WAGES
Employees may not assign their wages or otherwise involve the company in their personal affairs.

30. DAMAGE
Employees shall report promptly, and in accordance with instructions, any accidental damage they may have caused or which has come to their attention.

31. TRIM
Permission to work on private property or to trim or cut trees on the highway or elsewhere should be obtained before such work is started.
